Add monitoring workflow validation and notification (#469)
stratum-mining/sv2-apps: CONTRIBUTING.md

Author: The text update in this file was generated by my AI friend

Reviewer: Can you add some indications I wrote at https://github.com/stratum-mining/sv2-ui/issues/116#issuecomment-4336867304?

In particular, I think the following ones are important:
- sv2-apps should keep existing /api/v1 fields backward-compatible whenever possible.
- New monitoring data should be added through optional fields or new endpoints.
- Existing field types or semantics should not be changed inside the same API version.

Author: added https://github.com/stratum-mining/sv2-apps/compare/164622c08d07ea7e9a6ed5eb0d163b1e478ae678..f83f988c7402be1758ef6cbd21fc1c6ee801e6fb

7. **Merge and Close:** Once your pull request has been approved and all discussions have been resolved, a project maintainer will merge your changes into the `main` branch. Your contribution will then be officially part of the project. The pull request will be closed, marking the completion of your contribution.

### Monitoring API Schema

> The monitoring crate exposes an HTTP API documented with OpenAPI. This schema is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `monitoring` module of `stratum-apps` exposes an HTTP API documented with OpenAPI. This schema is:
```

Author: addressed

1. **Auto-generated**: The `openapi.json` file is generated from code at compile time, not manually written
2. **CI-validated**: Every PR that changes monitoring code must update `openapi.json`

> 3. **Synced to frontend**: Changes trigger an issue in the sv2-ui repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Synced to consumer**: Changes trigger an issue in the sv2-ui repository
```

Author: addressed
